# Resume-Builder-Using-Java
A resume is perhaps one of the most important documents carried by a professional. It is a page full of information about you, demonstrating your relevant skills and qualities. It summarizes your career aspirations and enables you to showcase yourself to an employer. Therefore, it become absolutely imperative for every individual, no matter what stage of their career they are at, to have a well-written and custom-made resume. However, making a resume from scratch can be a very daunting task, especially if you have no prior experience in the field. Finding the appropriate template, deciding on what content to include and downloading the resume are some of the issues that daunt everyone when making a resume. The aim of this project is to develop a Resume builder with Java that creates a Resume pdf using the information given by the user. The project initializes a pop window that has prompts for the user to fill out. Each of these prompts make up the important sections of the resume and can be filled by the user. Once the user has provided all the necessary information along with a professional image of themselves, they can click on the generate resume button. This will allow for a pdf formatted resume to be downloaded into their computer. In today’s job market, having a strong and well-crafted resume can make all the difference in securing your dream job. Our Resume Builder is a hassle-free tool that allows everyone to make their own custom resume without putting though into finding the right template, choosing sections and thinking about how to download it in the right format. This project is very easy to use and very convenient as well. 

